[Outlook] (contextual) Retire content on entity-based contextual add-ins (#4661)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/privacy-and-security.md

  },
  ```

- Developers can request the **restricted** permission if the Outlook add-in activates on a specific type of Outlook item (appointment or message).

- Developers should request the **read item** permission if the Outlook add-in needs to:
  - Read properties of the current item.
  - Write custom properties set by the add-in on the current item, but doesn't require reading or writing to other items.

>   - Creating or sending a message in the user's mailbox.

Reviewer: The lead-in doesn't make sense with this bullet i.e., "...the Outlook add-in needs to creating...". Consider rewriting.

```suggestion
  - Create or send a message in the user's mailbox.
```
